This is me
I know you are in a hurry
But don't worry.
I'm not finished yet.
Since my uncle didn't kill your brother
Then of course it is impossible to kill your father. Since my second uncle didn't kill your father
Of course it's impossible to start a fire, right?
Okay, so here's the problem
Who started this fire?
How could I know how could you not know
Only you and my uncle were there when the fire broke out
If my uncle wasn't the murderer
So isn't the murderer obvious?
Is it Mr. Zhang?
slander
You are slandering
Slander, didn't you just say that you saw my second uncle murder at the scene alone?
i
The adults and the grass-roots think it's time to rob the case
Bold Zhang Zhijie to kill his brother and serve his father in order to be greedy for the family property
Blind officials
Somebody drag him out and put him in jail
I wish my lord I was wrong
I really know I was wrong.
Is it really you?
Don't be complacent if you fry my surname Qin.
Sooner or later, you will not be as ashamed as my Zhang family
Somebody drag this unrepentant beast out for me
Hahaha, I'll be waiting for you below, hurry up.